Tom Segura Segura aka DJ dad mouth aka
duct-tape Jake
dad no duct tape duct tape yeah yeah
how'd you get that people call me duct
tape man they call me cuz I always have
it on me you know like MacGyver it fixes
everything
I'll duct tape your mouth shut I'll be
anywhere that you have a hole on you
I'll put duct tape duct tape on my ass
today
ah I'm gonna do it up tonight III didn't
realize use but yeah the morning a lot
of color options purple I got oranges
duct tape they come adored duct tape so
yes or or what is the fascination with
with tape yeah this is a jail thing
really jail thing yeah oh please please
tell us more uh a buddy of mine he got
locked up for uh armed kidnapping and
then he everybody had like a nickname in
prison and he found some duct tape so
they called him duct tape okay
I'm just trying to I want to free my
buddy duct tape free duct tape freed a
free duct tape freed a free duct tape
free duct tape duct tape is he in for a
while he has you know it's a 20 year
sentence but the thing is there's good
behavior and there's appeals and if
everything goes right I think duct it'll
be out in seven free duct tape free to
go ass today here's the thing I feel
like if you commit armed kidnapping but
it's during a drug deal that it's not
like like there was other people doing
bad things anyways they should give you
a little bit of leaning right you know
it's not like a kidnapped a kid he
kidnapped a bad dude right so he
essentially he took someone off the
street yeah he got a team on they
couldn't find Chewie for like I don't
know three weeks or something so that's
three weeks that Julie wasn't selling
cocaine there you go yeah that tape
helping out free duct tape free duct
tape okay deal with that tape on you now
yeah of course the guy put it in her
purse stay tuned folks because we have
to get a duck tape something people that
need to follow you on twitter different
where it is so Tom Segura at Tom Segura
okay and I will tweet out the location
of the after party and we will wreck a
place we will physically destroy this
place and it will duct a banal back to
yeah that's exactly what I do man we
tear it down
and I'm putting that tape it back
together man you get my whole concept
they call me don't you go ass today
Tom someone's never been to your show
yeah
besides duct tape what can people expect
not like an x-rated show but it's like
r-rated it's probably our rate it's
meant for adults to come out and have a
great time over the honey bone gets a
great drink some food so do you enjoy
your crazy think you're gonna switch
your name - scotch tape not abductive no
no you don't like that better
no no cuz I'm gonna honor duct tape till
he gets out free duct tape they call me
who were your comic mentors like who did
you look up to as a young kid hims like
you know what someday I'm gonna do that
oh it changed you know like when I was
like a young young kid I feel like it
started off with a Cosby he's got he's
got a little bit of legal trouble
himself he should get some done easy
yeah bubble wrap duct tape a long time
ago no you should not have had a long
vectors would impede takes a lot of
those crimes uh then I like keep the TPM
away from the duct tape okay not not
here keep Cosby away from the duct tape
there's all kinds of things going on
here they call me a lot of good comedian
but nothing like dark free duct tape
free duct tape I can take your ass today
yeah